you know we tape our show in Hollywood
I've lived in LA for since 1994 I was
born in Brooklyn and I say whether it's
about food or sports or whatever there's
a rivalry between New York and LA and
that sense of rivalry starts at a very
young age so kids who've never been in
either city seem to be born with the
idea that their town is the best so we
decided to have some fun with that we
asked kids in both major cities who is
smarter kids in New York or kids in LA
you did an opinion poll and these are
our very unscientific results this
smarter kids in New York or kids in LA
the kids in New York duh what do you
think is smarter kids in New York or
kids in LA uh kids in LA how come
because they know a lot about shopping
why are kids smarter in New York
Wow can you train for that his teacher
numbers and then they counted what's the
smartest thing you know no well I
thought I was really smart when I kept
telling people that a tomato is a fruit
but I feel like everybody knows that now
so yeah yeah totally
what's the smartest thing you guys know
tables people you make my mom and my
brother and my dad what do you know
about tables table rectangles what what
is the smartest thing you know that my
sister is suck all of China's members
yellow are they filled with pee no tell
the truth have you ever eat in a
swimming pool
no never yeah not even once no what
about the ocean no the river no never
never in the bath
no a shower maybe all the planets
[Music]
there's one more
yeah that you already said that wine
cheese yes
trees could you name the planets Mercury
Venus Earth Mars and Uranus the planet
[Applause]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed